Georgie: Previously on
"Heartland":
(Phone messages ding)
**
(Phone message dings)
- And we will be okay.
- I know.
**
- You still look a little down
though, Amy.
- Yeah. I'm feeling better
about things. I just...
It's really tough
without you here.
- I get it.
I wanna be home with you.
**
(Shuttle bus rumbles)
Amy: So, Lisa is definitely
planning me
a surprise baby shower.
- What makes you say that?
- Well, I don't know.
Everybody's acting so weird
and she keeps asking me
what I'm doing on Sunday.
Something's definitely
going on.
Uh, do you know anything?
- My lips are sealed.
- (Sighs) Lou!
And what is with all
the texting?
You haven't put that thing down
since you got back.
- I'm sorry. It's just work.
- Right. And that's why
you're smiling?
Lou, my husband
is 5000 miles away,
I need to live vicariously
through you.
- Okay. Fine.
Mitch and I might
have started texting
while I was in New York.
- You what?
- And talking and e-mailing.
- And why is this the first
time I'm hearing about it?
- I didn't want to jinx it.
I don't know, Amy,
I think this could actually
be it.
Like we might start dating
and see where it goes.
(Giggles happily)
- Aww... I'm happy for you.
- Mmm.
What's wrong with this tea?
- (Laughs) Don't get me started
on life without caffeine.
(Both chuckle)
(Shuttle bus rumbles)
**
(Heels clack lightly)
- Important text?
- No, not really.
(Keypad clicks)
You can have the last fry
if you want.
- I'm good.
- You okay? You seem kind of...
quiet.
- I'm fine.
Unless there's something
you wanna talk about.
Something you need
to tell me?
- Like what?
(Truck rumbles to a halt)
Adam?
(Sighs) I hope he's not coming
over here.
- Don't you wanna say hi?
- No, I am not in the mood
to deal with Clay right now.
(Sighs)
(Dishes clank,
diners chat quietly)
Lisa: All right, little lady,
would you prefer
chicken noodle or minestrone
homemade soup?
- Chicken noodle.
- I knew you were gonna
say that.
- What about me?
- You'll eat anything.
(Jack chuckles)
Hey! Are we expecting someone?
- Don't ask me.
I'm always the last
to know anything.
- Well, there's a cab.
(Cab rumbles)
(Remy barks)
Go see who it is.
(Screen door snicks open
and snaps shut)
**
- Mallory?
- Hey, Jack.
**
* And at the break of day
you sank into your dream *
* You dreamer *
* Oh, oh, oh, oh... *
* You dreamer... *
- My gosh, look at you!
This is so unexpected!
(Cab rumbles away)
- You know me,
I like to make an entrance.
(Jack chuckles)
- Mallory?!
- I'm back!
- It is so good to see you!
What're you doing here?
- Look at you!
You're all grown up.
I hardly recognize you.
Come on, let's get you
in the house.
Mallory: It's good to see you.
Amy: So, you're still living
in London?
I mean, tell us about it!
- What's to tell?
It's the best decision
I've ever made in my life.
- London's an amazing city,
isn't it?
- Yeah. You should see my flat
in Brick Lane.
I have a job at this posh
clothing store.
Can you say "employee
discounts"?
And it's perfect because
I can go to work in the day
and take classes at night.
- Wow. Sounds like you have it
all figured out.
- Do you ever see Soraya?
- We text but she's pretty busy.
- How 'bout Jake? You see much
of him over there?
- You can say our on-again
off-again relationship
is currently 'off'.
Speaking of relationships,
I've missed so much.
You're married,
you're married...
(Lisa giggles)
and you are all grown up.
Do you remember
your Auntie Mallory?
- Come on, sweetie,
you remember Mallory, right?
- How can she not remember me?
I was just her primary caregiver
for her formative years.
- Well, I wouldn't go that far,
I mean...
- That was a long time back.
- How's Ty?
Where is Ty?
- Mongolia, actually.
- I'm sorry. I thought you said
Mongolia.
- I know it sounds crazy,
but he's working with
Veterinarians Without Borders.
He's just loving it.
- But you're...
- Pregnant.
- I was gonna say huge.
- Oh! Well, don't worry.
He will be back
before the baby's born.
- I was sorry to hear
about you and Peter.
- Oh, it's okay. You know,
not every relationship
is meant to go the distance.
- Tell me about it.
So... what room am I gonna
stay in?
What?
- Well, we just thought--
- That you'd probably wanna
stay with your parents?
Aren't they dying to see you?
- No, they're on tour.
What am I gonna do?
Stay in an empty house?
- No, you're not.
You're gonna stay in Amy's
old room, right?
- Yeah, of course.
Lisa: Yeah.
- Great.
Jack, can you do me a favor?
Can you swing me by my parents?
I want to pick up my car -
if it's still there.
- Sure.
- (Chuckles)
**
(Bag thumps)
(Sentimental music)
**
(Startling knock)
- All settled?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I'm a world traveler now,
Jack.
Doesn't take much
to make me happy.
- (Chuckles) Yeah, I guess.
Uh, just curious...
but why the sudden visit?
You could've told us
you were coming.
- Well, Lisa didn't give me
much of a heads up.
For the baby shower -
that's why I'm here.
- Right.
- I mean, I only got her e-mail
a week ago.
But Amy and Ty
are having a baby;
I wouldn't miss it, you know?
- Well, you're always
a welcome guest.
Always... like any time.
Okay.
- (Chuckles softly)
(Receding footsteps)
(Cell phone rings)
(Snorts,
phone ring cuts out)
(Phone thumps on bed)
(Birds chirp outside,
approaching footsteps)
- Well, that was certainly
a surprise, wasn't it?
Did you know she was coming?
- No, she said she's here
for Amy's shower.
- Well, I sent her the invite,
but it was kind of a courtesy
e-mail.
I didn't think
she'd actually come.
- Oh, well, who knows why
Mallory does what she does,
I'm just glad she's here.
- Yeah, me too.
Mallory: Lou, wait up!
- Oh, hey!
- Sorry for drudging up
the past back there.
I hope it didn't bother you.
- Mallory, it's fine.
You know, Peter and I are
actually in
a really good place now.
- Yeah, but I know it's
a bummer
when the future you thought
you were gonna have
doesn't work out.
- Hey, is everything okay
with you?
- I'm good.
I'm better than good.
I'm home.
- Well, we're all really glad
you're back.
And Georgie is gonna be so
happy to see you, oh my gosh.
Did you know she works
at Maggie's now?
- (Chuckles)
- Yeah, I know.
And get this,
she even has a boyfriend.
(Footsteps thud)
- Whoa.
- I know. She's really changed
since the last time
you saw her.
- No, not whoa Georgie,
whoa, who is that?
- Who? Him?
(Tools clank)
It's no one,
it's just the ranch hand.
Why don't I give you a ride
to your car?
- Jack said he would drive me.
- Yeah, let's just save him
the trip. Come on, let's go.
(Tools clatter)
(Country music plays quietly,
door clicks open)
- Maggie's!
(Door bangs shut)
- Mallory?
- Georgie?
- (Laughs)
- Oh... Whoa!
I hardly recognized you
without the hoodie
and baggy jeans.
- (Chuckles)
Um, Adam, this is Mallory.
Mallory. Adam.
- Hey!
- Nice to meet you.
- You too!
(Dishes clatter)
(Dull thud, horse snorts)
(Tools clatter)
- Hey.
- Hi.
I was hoping you'd still
be here.
- I'm just headed out
to the Dude Ranch, actually,
but why don't we, uh...
why don't we have dinner
while you're home?
- Yeah, I'd like that.
- Great.
- I um...
I really enjoyed
our conversations
while I was in New York.
- Yeah, me too. You know, I...
I don't think I've been on
the phone that much
since high school.
- (Laugh) Yeah.
This whole thing, it makes me
feel like I'm 16 again.
You know, I get this
crazy feeling
in the pit of my stomach
every time my phone pings.
I like it.
Makes me excited, you know,
for...
moving forward.
The "future."
- Yeah. Yeah, me too.
Uh... I should, I should
get back to work.
Jack's just, he's got me
on this strict schedule.
- Great.
- I'll see you.
- Okay.
(Receding footsteps)
- (Sighs)
- I can't believe how much
I miss this place.
I have been craving a Maggie's
chicken club since I've landed.
- Yeah, it's uh... not on
the menu anymore.
- What?
- Yeah. Lou's been changing
a few things
since she's decided to open up
a new location in Brooklyn.
A Maggie's in Brooklyn?
Is nothing sacred?
(Door opens)
(Door bangs shut)
Clay: Hey, guys.
Georgie, can we talk
for a second?
- Yeah. Yeah, sure.
(Low hum of chatter)
- Is that Georgie's S.O.?
- Uh...?
- Significant other.
Lou said she's seeing someone.
- I'm her significant other.
That's Clay.
He and Georgie are just friends.
- Right.
(Low hum of chatter,
music plays quietly)
In my experience, nobody is
"just friends" with a cowboy.
(Low hum of chatter,
music plays softly)
Lisa: Are you heading out?
- Yeah, coffee with Stumpy.
He's been bugging me for weeks.
- You have time to pick up
Amy's gift
at the Post Office, yes?
- Absolutely.
- Okay, you need this receipt -
here it is - to pick it up.
No, don't!
I know it's expensive,
but I did all my research.
It is lightweight,
it is durable,
it's good in every weather,
on every road.
It's perfect for them.
You're gonna love it.
- Mm-hmm.
- Get it.
(Door opens and closes)
- Why didn't you introduce me
to Mallory as your boyfriend?
- Oh, I don't know.
I thought it was implied.
- Well, it wasn't and now
she thinks you're with Clay.
- (With disgust) Oh...
Well, sorry, I didn't know
it was such a big deal.
- It is a big deal. To me.
- Okay, well, I thought
we were done
with the whole "Clay thing,"
whatever the "Clay thing" was
in the first place.
(Car rumbles) Oh.
(Horn beeps)
I gotta go. Mallory's here.
She's taking me home.
Do you wanna come?
- No, I think there's something
I gotta take care of.
- Okay.
(Running footsteps)
(Birds chirp, car rumbles away)
(Footsteps thud)
- It's official.
I've ruined things with Mitch.
- Since this morning?
- Yeah! Of course.
You knew me, classic case
of foot in mouth syndrome.
- Oh no. Lou, what did you say?
- It was just so nice
to see him, Amy,
and I was feeling
so comfortable,
and I let it slip...
- What? What did you let slip?
- The "f" word.
- Huh?
- The future.
I told him I was excited
about our future together.
- Okay... but I don't really see
what's wrong with that.
- Amy, nothing kills a new
relationship faster
than talking about the future.
I scared him off.
You should've seen the look
on his face.
- Lou, it's probably not as bad
as you think it is.
Why don't you just talk to him,
find out what's going on.
- (Sighs) You know what?
You're right.
I am a grown woman
and... and no more beating
around the bush.
He talked about going
for dinner.
I'm gonna make sure
that happens tonight.
(Footsteps thunk)
- Thanks again for the ride.
I'm learning to drive you know.
Maybe once you go back
to England,
I can save up and buy your car.
- Who says I'm going back?
(Cell phone rings)
(Birds chirp)
- Everything okay?
- Of course.
Come on, I want you
to introduce me
to the new ranch hand.
(Music plays in diner,
door snicks open)
(Dishes clank, diners chatter)
- We need to talk.
- Sorry, man.
I was just leaving.
- It's about Georgie.
- You got a great girl there.
She's one of a kind.
(Hard thump, items clatter)
Diners: Hey, whoa! Hey!
- What the hell is the matter
with you?
You got a death wish
or something?
- Just stay away
from my girlfriend!
- What the hell are you
talking about?
- All right! That is enough!
- I was just defending myself.
He came at me.
(Door bursts open)
- Adam!
(Door clicks shut)
(Approaching footsteps)
- Hey, Georgie,
do you know where Amy keeps
the nippers and rasp?
I was thinking of doing
the trail horses' hooves.
- Uh, no. No idea.
- I don't think we've met.
I'm Mallory.
- Uh, hey, Mitch Cutty.
I work here.
- Nice to meet you.
- All right. See you girls
later.
(Phoenix grunts)
- Mitch Cutty.
More like Mitch cutie.
- (Chuckles)
(Grunting)
- (Gasps) Copper!
(Horses snort and grunt)
I missed you. Did you miss me?
(Copper grunts)
Hmm?
- (Chuckles)
So what's up with you and Adam?
- Oh, nothing.
- Well, it didn't seem like
nothing.
- We were friends,
but now we're together.
- Sounds familiar.
- He's actually pretty amazing.
- Georgie, do you still jump
much?
- Um, no, not really.
I'm kind of more into
trick riding now.
We've got a new trainer and
the schedule's pretty hectic,
so I don't have time
for much else.
Why?
- I have a favor to ask you.
Can I jump Phoenix?
Lisa: Adam tried to fight Clay?
Wait, Georgie's Adam?
- I don't know what got
into that kid,
but I'm telling you,
he is lucky
Clay didn't fight back.
- Well, are you gonna talk
to Georgie about that?
- I think it's best
if I stay out of this one.
Besides, we've got enough
to worry about.
- Oh, what's that?
Mallory. Oh.
- That fell out of her bag.
- So she flew from Paris.
But she says she's living
in London.
- I know it's probably none
of my business,
but there's definitely
more to this story.
- All right.
Oh... (Pages flutter)
Looks like it needs a little
assembly required here.
Um... Oh that looks complicated.
Huh.
(Book thumps)
- (Amused sigh)
**
- Are you sure you wanna
do this?
We could just try some flatwork
instead.
- No way. Come on, Phoenix.
(Clucks tongue)
- All right,
at least take it slow.
- (Clicks tongue)
Come on, Phoenix.
(Hooves thud)
(Heavy landing)
- Whoa-oh! (Groans)
- Phoenix!
(Hooves plod, tack jingles)
- (Breathing hard)
(Groans)
Don't worry about me, I'm fine.
(Clothes rustle)
- Well, thanks for the hand.
I-I gotta say, things have
sure changed
since the last time
I put one of these together.
- (Sighs)
Well, I don't know
how much help I'm gonna be,
but let's give 'er a try.
- Well, let's start by
unfolding this thing here.
Uh... it says...
"Push the latch and the locking
mechanism will release."
(Clicking)
- Uh...
- No?
(Hard tugs)
No, that's not it, it's not it.
No. Here, let me try that.
- You know, uh, Jack,
I wanted to talk to you about
something while I'm here.
- Oh yeah?
Oh, right here.
- (Amused chuckle)
- No, that's not it.
- I'm not quite sure
how to say this...
- Well, don't worry about
sparing my delicate feelings.
What's going on?
- (Chuckles softly)
I found a new job.
(Hooves thud)
Mallory: Come on, Phoenix.
Good boy!
(Hooves thud, Phoenix grunts)
(Phoenix grunts,
Mallory clicks her tongue)
Let's go.
(Hooves thud)
(Rail thumps)
(Distorted grunt)
(Heavy thud)
- Oh!
(Distorted hoofbeats,
distorted thud)
(Hooves thud,
Phoenix breathes hard)
- What's going on here?
- Mallory wanted to try jumping
Phoenix again.
I told her it was a bad idea.
- I have to agree with Georgie,
it is a bad idea.
The last time you tried
to jump a horse,
you just about killed it.
(Birds chirp)
Sorry. I'm kidding.
- I used to be good at this
or at least I had potential.
Now I can't even get over
one jump.
- Mallory, when was the last
time you were even on a horse?
Three years ago?
Why do you wanna do this anyway?
- I don't need you
to lecture me, Amy.
I need your expertise.
I wanna be good at this again.
Will you help me or what?
(Birds chirp)
Lisa: Well, I'm sorry to hear
that.
No, I will, I will.
Okay. Okay. Bye.
Oh. (Phone beeps off)
Tim and Casey aren't gonna
make it to the shower.
- Oh, that's too bad.
- So? How did it go
with Amy's gift?
- Well, let's just say that
the answer to question
"how many grown men
does it take
to put together a stroller"
is two.
- (Chuckles)
- Just two! I'm so impressed.
I'm very grateful, I really am,
and Amy will be too.
Thank you.
- Well, I should get going.
- You don't wanna stay
for dinner?
- Thanks, but I-I already
have plans.
- Okay. Next time.
- Well, we're sure gonna
miss you around here.
- Hey, thanks, Jack.
I just wanna say,
I'm really appreciative
of everything
you did for me this year.
- Oh, it's my pleasure.
- Hey!
- Hi.
(Screen door snaps shut)
- What was that about?
- Well, it looks like I'll be
looking for a new ranch hand.
Mitch just told me
he's moving on.
- Oh no.
**
Mitch: So one of the reasons
I wanted to have dinner
was I have been thinking
a lot about us...
and the future,
and about the next steps.
- Yeah, steps away
from Heartland.
Grandpa told me, okay?
I know you're leaving.
- (Sighs)
I wanted to tell you
the news myself.
- So you are leaving.
- I had a job interview
last week.
It... it was for a Power
Engineering position
in Calgary.
It's what I apprenticed in.
The interview went well. I just
wanted to give Jack a heads up.
- Well, I would've appreciated
the same courtesy.
- Lou!
(Receding footsteps)
(Door opens,
Mitch sighs heavily)
- Mm... Do you think it's
possible to get saddle sores
after just one day of riding?
- (Laughs) Maybe if you spent
any time
in the actual saddle.
- Nice.
Amy: (Laughs)
Thanks, Mallory.
We can take it from here.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah!
You have done your fair share
of dishes over the years.
We've got this.
- Thanks.
Well, I'm gonna go see if Jack
has gotten any better at cards.
- (Laughs)
Hey, Georgie, I think
it's pretty cool
that you let Mallory ride
Phoenix today.
Couple years ago that probably
wouldn't have happened.
Actually, I know it
wouldn't have.
- Seemed like she needed it.
- What do you mean?
- (Sighs) Well, come on, Amy.
I know I'm not the only one
who's wondering
why Mallory's here.
- Did she said something to you?
- No, not really. I mean...
there was one thing.
Jake called her.
- Jake? Like Jake Jake?
- Yeah. She just completely
ignored him.
She just seemed kind of off.
(Birds chirp)
(Door opens)
(Door closes)
(Birds chirp)
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Look, I-I feel like I should
explain myself.
- There's nothing to explain,
Mitch.
- Lou--
- I--
I know it's the kiss of death
to talk about the future
when we've really just started
whatever this is.
- No, Lou--
- And really all we've done
is text.
I mean, we can't even have a
proper conversation in person.
We're better at just using
our fingers on a keypad.
So... forget what I said
about being excited
about the future, okay?
I want it but you don't.
It's pretty simple.
- Lou, (frustrated chuckle)
(Chair thumps)
nothing could be further
from the truth.
I am just as excited
about us as you are.
- You are?
- Yeah.
All those feelings that you
talked about earlier...
I have them too.
- Then why are you leaving?
- I'm not leaving Heartland
to avoid you.
I'm leaving for you.
Ever since you signed
the divorce papers,
I feel like I have to step up
to the plate.
I wanna be...
(Sighs) I wanna be the kind
of guy that you deserve.
(Birds chirp)
**
- Take one,
put it in their nest--
- Oh my God!
What happened up here?
- (Laughs)
Where are all the old
license plates
and the rodeo pictures?
- Grandpa and Dad did
an amazing job.
Isn't it beautiful?
- Yeah!
When you said you were living
in the loft,
I was picturing maybe something
with hay or some chickens.
- (Laughs)
- Wow!
And you set up the cradle
and everything.
Katie, are you excited
to have a little cousin?
- No.
- (Laughs) Okay.
Are you ready to get started?
- Born ready.
(Door opens)
(Door bangs shut)
(Diners chatter quietly)
(Dishes and utensils clank)
(Music plays quietly)
- Pretty sure I'm not supposed
to talk to you.
- Says who?
- Your big, tough boyfriend.
- Adam?
- He basically attacked me
out of nowhere yesterday.
- Adam did?
- Don't sound so surprised.
That guy's got some fight
in him.
Not enough, but... some.
- Why would he do that?
- No clue.
He seems to think I have
some sort of crush on you.
I mean, come on. You're a kid.
You're basically like
my little sister.
I would never.
- (Sighs)
(Birds chirp)
(Approaching footsteps,
Mitch sighs)
- Hi.
(Footsteps thump)
- Hey.
(Rooster crows in the distance)
- Nothing is ever easy for us,
is it?
- Oh... easy is overrated.
- (Chuckles)
Look, I was thinking about
what we talked about and...
I don't want you to think
I don't respect what you do.
- You know, it didn't feel
great having you call me
"just the ranch hand"
the other day.
- To Mallory? No, Mitch,
that was just to keep her
from digging.
You may have just met her,
but believe me when I tell you
that gossip is her
second language.
- Yeah, but...
you know, your husband's
this big oil guy.
I mean, how am I gonna...
stack up to that?
- Don't compare yourself.
And he was never around.
You're here.
I... I like having you here.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
It might sound silly
but it gives me peace of mind.
And I like looking forward
to seeing you
when I come home from New York.
- Well, me too. But...
Lou, I mean, this-
this can't last forever.
This job was just supposed
to be a stopgap
until I figure out what I want
to do with the rest of my life.
- I know, I know.
I'm just being selfish.
And I will support you
in whatever it is
that you decide.
(Birds chirp)
- Okay, Mallory, make sure
you count your strides.
Just go nice and easy.
I wanna see some collection.
Sit up, look where you're going,
Look through your corner.
(Phoenix grunts, rail thumps)
(Amy sighs, hooves thud)
- Whoa...
This sucks! We're never gonna
get any better.
- Come on, Mallory,
you're just too tense.
You need to loosen up a bit.
Why don't you hop back on
and we'll try it again?
- Why? What's the point?
You said I was gonna get better.
Things are actually
getting worse.
- This is déjà vu, Mallory.
We had the exact same argument
in the exact same place
the last time
we worked together.
Maybe this isn't a good idea.
- You're right. Maybe it isn't.
(Hooves thud)
Lou: Okay, prepare to have
your socks knocked off
because my shower gift
for Amy has arrived
and it's a beauty...
What the hell's that?
- I am not even here.
- Mallory, why don't you
just tell me what's going on?
(Brush rasps)
- Nothing is going on.
- No? Because I hear you're
avoiding calls from Jake,
and you lied about coming
from London.
Grandpa told me that you
flew in from Paris.
So whatever it is
you're dealing with,
why don't you just face it,
instead of taking it out on me.
- I just wanna be alone
right now, okay, Amy?
(Approaching footsteps)
- Fine.
(Brush rasps)
- So what's happening in here?
- Oh! I forgot how suffocating
this place could be!
- Okay.
Is there something
you wanna talk about?
- The past year of my life
has been a complete mess, okay?
- Well, I thought you liked it
in London.
- I know what I said,
but I lied.
Flunked out of school,
my flat is shared with four
annoying roommates
and that posh clothing store
where I work -
the wage is barely enough
to keep me afloat.
- Oh, geez, Mallory--
- I miss Heartland, Jack.
I even miss this barn.
All those years mucking out
the stalls...
I love this place.
I've kind of forgotten
who I used to be
and I thought maybe I'd find
a little of the old me
just by being here.
Everything's changed.
Amy's pregnant, Ty's gone.
Katie's all grown up,
doesn't even remember me.
Georgie's a teenager.
I barely even recognized her.
And even you, you don't have
time for me anymore.
We've lost something -
that... that bond we all shared.
It's sad.
- That's not true.
- It is true.
Yesterday, you called me
a guest, Jack.
A guest! I mean, how could you?
I've always thought
of Heartland
like my second home.
- And it always will be,
but you can't expect it
to stay the same.
Life would be pretty boring
if it did.
- True.
- I can't take mine back.
- Well, I can't take mine back.
- Well, what're we gonna do,
Lisa?
Amy doesn't need two identical
strollers. I...
I bought mine weeks ago.
- I bought mine weeks ago too
and Mitch and Jack spent
over an hour yesterday
putting it together. It's...
not going back in the box.
(Clock ticks,
birds chirp outside)
- (Laughs)
- Oh... what a mess.
- Great minds think alike.
- (Laughing)
- Okay, of course you're
giving her the stroller.
- No, you've just said
that you can't--
- No, no, no.
You're the sister and you're
giving her the stroller.
We'll think of something else.
- Thank you.
Are you... are you sure?
- Yes. (Takes a deep breath)
He's gonna kill me.
Kill me. (Laughs)
- Thank you!
- You're welcome.
(Diners chatter,
dishes and utensils clank)
(Coffee cup clunks)
(Door opens and bangs shut)
- Okay, I'm here.
What'd you wanna talk
to me about?
- How could you embarrass me
like that?
- Clay told you?
- Yeah, of course he did!
I was gonna find out anyway.
I'm surprised it wasn't on
the cover of the Hudson Times.
- I'm sorry.
- Why would you do that?
Why would you attack Clay?
- I was... I was jealous.
- Jealous?
I can't stand him! How many
times do I have to tell you?
- But you were texting him...
a lot.
- Yeah. It was about Jade.
I was mad at him for getting
her drunk
before the rodeo last weekend.
Wait.
How did you know
I was texting him?
- I... I kind of read your texts
while I was...
using your tablet
to film the memorial.
- You read my texts?!
I can't believe this!
Do you trust me at all?
- It's not you, it's Clay.
I don't trust him.
- Whatever. I can't even
look at you right now.
(Receding footsteps)
- (Sighs heavily)
(Birds chirp)
(Purposeful footsteps)
- Is that Amy?
- Yeah, she's about a week old
there.
- Oh, look at Ty! They're gonna
have such a cute baby.
- I know.
Lisa, can I give you hand?
- Yes, I would love one.
- You're awfully quiet today.
- Turns out my amazing
boyfriend
wasn't so amazing after all.
Katie: (Gasps) She's coming!
She's coming!
Lou: Watch your step.
Amy: (Laughs)
Okay, over here,
a little farther...
A little bit farther...
- (Laughs) Katie...
- Okay, and...
All: Surprise!
- A baby shower! You guys!
- I think you knew already.
(Laughs)
- Thank you, guys, so much.
- Oh... I'm glad you're happy.
- Thank you, Katie.
- Okay, let's get this party
started.
Who wants to play some games?
- Really, Lou?
- No games.
- Let's eat something.
- Absolutely!
- Let's eat!
- That's a good idea. (Laughs)
(Birds chirp, footsteps thud)
(Mitch exhales, Phoenix grunts)
- Hey!
What're you doing in here?
I thought you supposed
to be at the shower?
- Mm... I need the break.
Estrogen overload.
(Phoenix grunts)
- Oh...
- So I hear you're leaving
Heartland.
- Wow, news travels fast.
Uh, yeah,
I'm thinking about it.
Haven't made up my mind yet.
- Well, I wouldn't make any
rash decisions.
I left this place
three years ago
and I still think about it
every day.
- Thanks.
- Mm-hmm.
(Hooves stamp on floor)
(Phoenix chews)
(Birds chirp)
Amy: Mallory, this is great.
Thank you.
(Bag rustles)
From you?
(Paper rustles)
Oh no, these are way too cute!
Look how tiny they are!
(Laughs)
Lou: I'm next!
(Stroller rattles)
- Lou! Are you serious?
Wow!
- I know it seems like a lot,
but this is gonna be really
really helpful for you.
Oh, I love it! Thank you.
- Who's next?
- Me!
Amy: Katie?
What's this? Will you help me
unwrap it?
- Mm-hmm!
(Paper rustles and tears)
- Katie, it's your Pogy.
I can't have this.
- I want the baby to have it.
- You sure?
- Mm-hmm.
- (Sighs) Well, thank you.
I'll take very good care
of him.
- Okay.
(Katie sighs,
Amy chuckles softly)
- Hey, you got time
for one more?
- Of course, Grandpa.
Come on in.
- This is from me and Lisa.
(Box rattles)
See, that's the rocking chair
that we started to make
for your loft.
It's not quite done yet.
I still have to teach Lisa
the difference
between a sander and a grinder.
- Oh, please.
- I love it!
Thank you both so much.
- I love you.
(Light slap)
- I want to make a toast.
To Ty and Amy
and their new baby!
Kate: Amy and Ty
and the new baby!
All: (Chuckling) Cheers!
Katie: Cheers!
- Thank you all. (Chuckles)
Lou: Cheers to you.
Cheers. Cheers.
(All giggling)
Katie: Let's open up that one.
Amy: All right.
Lou: Who's that from?
Amy: Um, well...
(Door snicks open)
(Door snaps closed)
- What're you doing here?
- These are for you.
(Footsteps thunk lightly,
birds chirp)
(Cellophane rustles)
- Thanks.
- I feel terrible
for what I did.
I know how I behaved was wrong
and I promise to never
do it again.
- I don't know if I can
forgive you.
- Please, Georgie.
I've never been in
a relationship before.
I have no idea what I'm doing.
- Neither do I, but I would
never read your texts,
or pick a fight with someone.
- I know.
It's just sometimes
it's hard to believe
that someone as cool as you
would wanna date me--
- Just stop.
- Thank you for the flowers
and the apology,
but I can't be with someone
who doesn't trust me.
- I-I do trust you.
- But now I can't trust you.
That's just the way it is.
(Cellophane rustles)
- So, what?
You're breaking up with me?
- Yeah, I think I am.
(Footsteps thunk)
(Door snaps shut)
**
(Jacket rustles,
low hum of chatter)
- (Exhales heavily)
**
(Exhales)
(Birds chirp)
- You know, I'm sorry
I never made it back
for your prenatal classes.
I still feel bad about that.
- Actually, going with Dad
wasn't that bad.
- Really?
- I'm serious.
Besides, Lou, it's not the
classes that I care about.
It's all this other stuff.
I don't know what I would've
done without you bugging me.
I probably wouldn't have
survived this pregnancy.
- Yeah, well, I'm just glad
I could be of some help.
- Something bugging you?
You just seem down.
- Yeah.
No, I'm fine. I just...
(Blows out her breath)
It's just stupid Mitch stuff.
Again.
I don't wanna keep burdening
you with my drama.
- You're not burdening me.
What is it? Is he leaving?
- I don't know.
Ever since I told him
that I would support him
no matter what,
I haven't heard from him.
So... (exhales sharply)
I don't know what's going on.
(Shovel scrapes)
(Bag thuds lightly)
- Hey. Easy on that shovel,
killer.
(Shovel scrapes)
You okay?
Do you wanna...
do you wanna talk about it?
- (Crying) Guys suck
at communication.
- Well, don't go lumping us all
into one group.
- Why can't you just talk
about things
instead of letting them
get all messed up?
- Well, you know, you girls
can be pretty intimidating
sometimes.
It's not always easy for us
to say what's on our minds.
This relationship stuff
is pretty...
it's pretty hard.
(Wheelbarrow rattles)
Georgie?
Okay...
Lou: Hey.
What-what was that about?
Is-is Georgie okay?
- Yeah. (Latch clunks)
Just some boy stuff.
I'm sure she'll tell you
when she's ready.
- (Sighs) Okay.
- Uh... Lou, I...
I made a decision.
- Oh yeah?
- I've decided to stay.
- No.
- What? I thought you'd be
happy.
- I don't want you to give up
this opportunity
if you're doing it for me.
- (Amused sigh)
Look, the truth is
I like working here.
It makes me feel like
part of the family.
I think I'd miss that
if I left.
- Well, what about this job
opportunity in Calgary?
- My career aspirations...
they can be put on hold.
- Okay.
So does this mean
what I think it means?
'Cause I don't wanna rush you
and I know that--
**
- What does that tell you?
- (Amused sigh)
**
Amy: Oh, and this is
from Mallory.
- What is it?
- It's a bath set.
- Oh! (Laughs) Right.
Of course.
- (Laughs) This is the tub,
and then - oh! - these are
the little washcloths
and a towel.
Oh, uh, these.
Aren't they adorable?
They're so tiny...
- Wow! That's a lot of stuff.
Amy: I know.
I'm feeling pretty spoiled
right now.
We have everything we need for
the little nugget's arrival.
All I'm missing is you.
- Well, we're on the home
stretch now.
Only a couple more weeks.
- I can't wait.
- Me neither.
* ...like a river, sweet *
* 'Cause I will carry you,
carry you, *
* Carry you away from it all *
(Hooves thud)
* I won't let you fall *
(Phoenix grunts)
* 'Cause I will lift you up,
lift you up *
* Lift you up into the light *
(Distorted thud)
* So don't close your eyes *
* Till the morning *
(Hooves plod heavily)
(Hooves thud lightly,
Phoenix grunts)
- Not bad, huh?
- You're looking pretty good
out there.
- Amy was right.
It just took some time.
- So, how long you plan on
sticking around?
- Trying to get rid of me
already, Jack?
(Jack laughs, hooves thud)
**
* Let it all begin *
(Tack jingles)
- Jake? What're you doing here?
**
* Let it all begin *